feat(docs): add documentation react templates (#17367)
ovh/manager: packages/manager-wiki/stories/manager-react-components/hooks/useIcebergV2/documentation.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import { StorybookHeading } from '../../../../components/';

<Meta title="Manager React Components/Hooks/useResourcesIcebergV2" />

<StorybookHeading label="Overview" level={2} />

> The `useResourcesIcebergV2` hook is a data fetching utility designed to work with OVHcloud's Iceberg API v2. It provides a solution for handling paginated data with cursor-based pagination and sorting capabilities.

Reviewer: Iceberg is not cursor based pagination.
```suggestion
The `useResourcesIcebergV2` hook is a data fetching utility designed to work with OVHcloud's Iceberg API v2. It provides a solution for handling pagination, searching, filtering and sorting capabilities.
```

Author: 👍

<StorybookHeading label="Features" level={3} />

> - Cursor-based pagination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: ?

Author: 👍
